[Autogenerated] so to use spring security,
we need to create service that derives from a built in spring security service.
So let's take this step by step.
I'm going to add a new interface called Jacket Use.
The service on this is going to extend spring security interface.
That spring security interface is called User Details services.
If I look at user,
detailed service will see it has one method called load user I username.
This is an interface we have to implement to become part of spring security.
Spring security asks us to Low to user.
Gives us a username.
We load that user on pass that use of back to spring security.
It's then going to do things like check the authentication,
check the password for that user, and we'll see how it does that in a moment.
We can also put our own methods on this interface I can Google to
add one here called Registered new user account.
And a do this.
We go to pass into this a jacket user that's going to contain
details of the user you want to register,
such as the use name and the password.
We're going to return back from this something called authenticated user.
So to extend this interface, we need to create both of those types now.
So I'll create a new package.
This Libya was service models package.
And into here, we'll place our jacket user type,
which will have email first name, last name password on repeat password.
As this is being used for registration,
we want to check the password and repeat password are the same on.
Then we have unauthenticated user type on.
This returns back the name email and password and IDE.
At this point,
we would have inserted this user into the database and user
will have an IDE associated with them.
We want to use that IDE later on.
So we return the ID back to the caller along with the
rest of the details that we have.
So now we need to implement the interface.
We're going to create a new class.
We're going to call this use a repository user details services again.
So use a detail services using a repository on inside.
This service will provide currently empty implementations of these methods
to load by username and then registered user account.
Now, this services going to use a repository.
So we need to implement that repository.
We'll create something called usually depository to do that.
So again, I create a new package to store our repository on this will be jacket.
Security repository inside here will create a new class called Users Repository.
This is nothing we haven't seen before.
So this class will extend credit repository at a method called find by email,
which will make use off in our service.
So we can now see how to implement these user details services.
Quite a lot to see and to understand.
Here and again,
we're not going to go over this in detail just to give you some
idea of how you implement this in your own code.
So the constructor takes two parameters,
One of which is the repository we just created on one is
something called password encoder.
We'll see how to use that encode a in a moment.
The key thing with this is that we can't store passwords in plain text.
They must be hashed in some way.
I will use a password encoder to do that.
There are essentially two methods on here.
There's registered new account.
The first thing this does it say if the account already exists
or the email already exists and throw an exception so we can't
reregister with the same email.
If the account doesn't exist,
we create a new user object and then we set the password on that
user object by encoding the incoming password.
So we get the password from the incoming user as plain
text and encoded using the encoder.
Then save the email.
We save the first name.
We save the last name and then save this user into the database.
If it's safe correctly, we create something called unauthenticated user.
We returned that authenticated user back to the caller.
We also create a token.
So we've got this username, password authentication token.
I will use spring security to set that token.
So everything downstream of us knows that this user is
authenticated for the load by username method.
We simply take the username.
Look in the repository on, see if that username exists.
But if it does return on authenticated user object back
to spring security in spring security,
then deals with things like setting the authentication properties for us.
So another key thing here is this authenticated user,
so authenticated user implements a spring in face called user Details.
User details is the interface used by spring so it can find
out the information it needs on this user.
So, for example, user details as they get username,
method and a get password method,
and spring security will use these to ensure that our
user is properly authenticated.
So to make use of spring security,
we override the load by using a method and return
something that implements user details.
That's something in our case, is an authenticated user,
and in here we override the get password and a get using their methods.
Spring security would call these methods to check that our user is authenticated.